* CS447 Computer Game Design (WSUV)
* Project 2: Nex (Dungeon Crawler)
* Team: Tyler Bounds, Stephen Brown, and Chris Hight
* Due 12/16/16

Description:
Nex is a networked multiplayer, dungeon crawler where the goal of the game is to
explore the dungeon with your trusted friend to find the loot that lies within. 
Play as either a wizard or a cleric and fry the harmless, square, enemies that 
fail to protect their treaure.

Controls:

Key A: Move Left
Key D: Move Right
Key S: Move Down
Key W: Move Up

Mouse left click: Attack
Mouse right click: Defend

Cheat codes:

Key 1: Large amount of player damage
Key 2: Small amount of player damage

Original low-bar:

1. Two-Person, Networked Multiplayer - Two people will be able to play in the same game on separate computers. (Complete)
2. Randomly Generated Levels - Levels that are randomly generated by a developed system which progressively get larger/more difﬁcult and contain no unreachable rooms. (Incomplete)
3. Enemies - Minimum of three different enemies with basic AI. (Partially complete)
4. Start state - Displays a start menu that enables the user to join/host a game or see the controls.  (Complete)
5. Game Over State - Displays relevant/interesting stats and enables the player to exit or restart. (Complete)
6. Player Classes - Minimum of two different player classes that impact what the player can do. Examples: warrior, ranger, cleric, mage, etc. (Complete) 
7. UI Display: Displays player health, friend's health, gold acquired, current experience, current player level, friend's current level, 
   the current ﬂoor the players are on, and an indicator to display the direction the player's friend is if they are off screen. (Complete)
8. Interactive Objects: Objects which have special functions when the player interacts with them. Example: chests and levers (Complete)

Additional goals met:

1. Added background music and sound effects.
2. Sprites were all original and made by Tyler Bounds instead of finding any to use.

Licensing and references:

Music: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRRYLv4Q480
Sound effects: Video Co-Pilot
Sprites and environment objects: Made exclusively by the most original Tyler Bounds

This game is strictly for learning purposes only and is not to be used for any personal gain, financial or otherwise. 